---
layout: post  
title: "Practice Transportation"
---


Hello everyone and welcome to the 2015 Fall Rowing Season!

I’ll be the transportation coordinator for practices for this fall and spring
seasons, matching those rowers that need a ride with those rowers that can give
a ride. I’m sure there will be a few hiccups in the process as I am new to this
game but together we’ll get it all figured out!

There is a $75.00 transportation fee for each rower that is used to reimburse
the team members that provide transportation to practice and back to the high
school Monday through Thursday. This payment is not done through PaySchools like
the other rowing fees. A check should be made out to cash and brought to Jakob
Beecher at practice. He’ll make sure I get them.

The Transportation Authorization Form is attached to this email and can also be
found at the following link:

<http://salinerowing.org/assets/forms/transportation-authorization-form.pdf>

Every rower will need to complete the appropriate sections of this form and
return to me either with your transportation fee or via email at
<gaugina@gmail.com>.

The form requires that names of approved drivers and approved students to
transport. This section cannot be completed until team members have been
assigned to their appropriate drivers. To help with this, please send me your
rower’s name and whether they will need a ride or are willing to provide
transportation using the following link:

<http://doodle.com/h56gabzwbie7svaa>

If you have any questions regarding this process or if the doodle poll link is
not working you can call or email as
needed [(734-646-9151](tel:%28734-646-9151)) or <gaugina@gmail.com>.

As the practice season starts before the novices have their meeting, the first
couple of weeks of transportation may be a little unorganized. We will attempt
to make sure that all rowers who need to get to practice will have a ride. Here
are a couple of things we can do to help this process:

-   If you know of a novice rower that will be joining the team this year,
    please feel free to forward this email prior to their meeting on September
    16

-   Email me directly if you know of someone who needs a ride

-   Other suggestions welcome!!!

I hope that this will all be arranged by September 21. Looking forward to seeing
everyone at the regattas!

Go Hornets!

Jennifer Beecher
