---
layout: post  
title: 'Saline Crew Board Meeting - August 2015'
---

Saline Crew Board Meeting
-------------------------

Saline District Library  
Tuesday, August 4, 2015  
7pm

### Attendance

President: Chris Frick  
Vice President: Mark Eby  
Secretary: Sheryl Wagner  
Treasurer: Julie Campbell  
Equip Mgr: Cheryl Brill  
Member at Large: Doug Wellings  
Alumni-Mary Visel  
Food coor: Jean Ward  
Coach: Matt LeBlanc  
Captains: Jenna Jansa  
Phillip Cauley  
Victoria Wellings  
Alle Fiske  
Matt Eby

**Agenda & Minutes**

Review of minutes of the June 2015 board Meeting

Minutes will be sent to the board for review and they will be on the website.

**Committee Planning**:

Website: will now include a “where are they now” for alumni rowers.

Food/Supply coordinator: Penny-nothing to report

Cooking: Jean Ward will replace Sarah Gragg

Coach has been reviewing these expectations with the team

**Captain report:**

Pre- season party: looking at dates in early September

Recruitment:

-   will have a table at the freshman schedule pick up day, 8/27. 7a-9a is set
    aside for clubs

-considering tent at one of the early football games

Gatsby: will send out email to get rowers at the Gatsby to work. All rowers are
expected. Start time is 2:30pm

**Coaches report:**

*Regatta planning*: TENTATIVE fall schedule:

DBC-9/17

Toledo -10/3

Home-10/10

Lansing-10/17

Leelanau-10/24

*Boat Trailer*- has been ordered. Will sell old trailer once we get the new
trailer

*Boat house*: oar racks to be installed

Theft of outboard engines this summer. Police report has been filed. Insurance
under the schools policy. Will complete a property loss form for insurance.

*Coaching staff*:

-   -May have multiple staff coaching a few days. Will give update once this
    is formalized.

-   -Discussed possibility of offering some form of support from the board for a
    coach to take the rowing certification if they commit to coach a defined
    amount of time

*Equipment wish list*:

“Cox boxes”- need 2 approx \\$2000 for 2

Oar racks for the boat house-approx \\$ 1800

2 sets of 10 oars-approx \\$10,000

4 buoy lines approx. \\$3,000 per line

Pontoon boat approx. \\$2,500

**Transportation coordinator**: position remains open. Chris Frick has reached
out to a few members but has not heard back yet. Priority is getting the fall
transportation to practice organized.

**Treasurer Report**: report reviewed

MOVED: CB SECONDED: ME to review/approve spring 2015 financial statements as
submitted /amended

**Equipment Manager**: Cheryl Brill

Create a wish list of needs. Cheryl working with Matt to develop a list

May need a new grill in the next 2-3 years

Coach has an updated equipment list that he will get to Cheryl

**Special events/fund raising updates**:

Continue to search for a fund raising board member

Gatsby planning: approximately 80 tickets have been sold, goal is 120.

**Boathouse opening ceremony/dedication: **

Targeting October 4^th^. Mid –day with punch/cookies-need volunteer to
coordinate, possible family fun row day

Need a planning committee –make sure alumni come/invited

Plaques for boathouse (novice of the year and MVP) will get the names of past
winners

**General agenda items:**

Returning rower meeting-possible date of 8/26

New rowers meeting –possible date of 9/16

-   New rowers will be given t-shirts to wear as a uniform , they will not need
    a unisuit

Spring break planning- need coordinator

-   -working to plan a spring break week to practice in Florida

-   -possible places are Tampa or Sarasota

Apparel vendor:

Jean Ward has worked with Kings of Merch to do the logo wear for the team this
year. They will provide a 25% revenue sharing on all purchases. The group
approved the logos Jean presented and moving forward with Kings of Merch once
Chris talks with the school. Captains suggested looking at new caps

Next meeting will be 9/1 at 7pm at the library
