---
layout: post  
title: "Weekly Update #12"
---

Well, it was an eventful non-event Saturday. There was a lot of planning
and hard work that went into the 2nd Annual Salt Springs Sprint. We were
once again reminded by Mother Nature that we cannot control everything.
Thank you to everyone for your help. So now we move on to the Scholastic
Rowing Association of Michigan Championships this weekend at Riverside
Park in Grand Rapids.

**Practice** Practice this week is Monday - Thursday at Ford Lake.
Thursday will be a little longer as the team will load the boat trailer
at the end of practice. No practice on Friday as this will be a travel
day for the boats and families (those that are going the night before).

**Regatta** The regatta this weekend is the Scholastic Rowing
Association of Michigan Championships; the State Championships for
Michigan. There will be over 20 teams from all over the state competing.
The race is run out of Riverside Park in downtown Grand Rapids along the
Grand River. I have attached Venue Notes and a Site Map for the race.
Race times are not yet set, therefore, we do not have a report time for
rowers. Saturday morning weigh in and report times for rowers will be
sent out later this week. Here is a link to the race info on [Regatta
Central](https://www.regattacentral.com/regatta/index.jsp?job_id=4703&org_id=0)

**Venue Notes** Venue information is located in the Venue Notes and on
the Site Map. Here are some of the hightlights. Because of the large
number of team and limited parking at the site, be prepared to walk.
There is a large lot at the north end of the park as well as curb
parking along Monroe Avenue. If you see a spot, take it and make the
walk. Rowers and boats will be located north of the launch dock.
Spectators, food trailers and food tents are along the river on White
Pine Trail south of the launch dock. The race starts at the Ann Street
Bridge and races north to the finish line past the launch dock. In the
past, there have been stands at the starting line and you can walk on
the Ann Street bridge for a great view of the start of the race. Trees
block the view along parts of the race course but there are open spaces
to set up chairs for viewing. There is limited viewing at the finish
line as it is where the team boats are layed down. You can stand and see
the finish for your rower's race but there is no chair set up there.

**Hotel** Many of the rowers and families are staying at the Riverfront
Hotel in Grand Rapids on Friday night. And some families are leaving
Saturday morning. Either option is fine. Note that if you are driving
over Saturday morning, it is about 2 hours 15 minutes to get to the park
from Saline and report times will most likely be at 7:00 am or earlier.
There are lots of hotels in Grand Rapids if you still want to make the
trip Friday night. The phone number for the Riverfront is 616-363-9001.

**Volunteer** Please sign up to help this weekend. This is a large event
and we need help from everyone with set up, cooking and clean up to give
our rowers support throughout the day. We do not know what time we will
need volunteers to report but look for notes later in the week when we
have the rower report times set. Here is a link to sign up:

[SignUpGenius](http://www.signupgenius.com/go/20f0a4dafab2ba2f49-2016)

**Food Sign-Up** If you plan on eating at the regatta this weekend,
remember to sign up for adult and child food on the team PaySchools link
no later the the end of day Tuesday, May 17. Here is a link for regatta
food:

[Regatta
Food](https://parent.payschools.com/cat.asp?id=C740BA23A6504DACBD07791491B63467&)

**Cowbell** Finally, we have had great energy from parents and family at
the regattas so far this year and I think the team has fed off the
energy. There will be large groups of parents from other teams there
this weekend too so please cheer loud and often for our team. And
Steffanie Siefker, PLEASE do not forget the cowbell!!!

![](http://i.imgur.com/GIlrqxk.png)

Thanks again for all your support. See you Saturday and GO HORNETS!!!

Chris Frick
