---
layout: post  
title: "Salt Springs Sprints"
---

Salt Springs Sprints Information Sheet
--------------------------------------

My name is Chris Frick and I am the president of the Saline Rowing Club.
On May 14, our club will host the Second Annual Salt Springs Sprints
regatta at Ford Lake in Ypsilanti.  This is the second regatta we have
hosted out of our newly built boathouse.  Here is some information we
hope you can share with your teams.

There are 3 locations you will need to know about.

-   **Boathouse** – located at 10049 Textile Road, Ypsilanti, Michigan
    48197.  This location will be the boat trailers, rower food
    trailers, coaches and food trailer help only **(no parents
    or spectators)**.

    [Boathouse
    Map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/10049+Textile+Rd,+Ypsilanti,+MI+48197/@42.20)

-   **Rower Drop‐Off** – located at 9999 Textile Road, Ypsilanti,
    Michigan 48197.  This is located next to the boathouse.  There is no
    parking at this location.  There is a turnaround for cars to drop
    off their rowers and proceed to the spectator area at Ford
    Lake Park.

-   **Spectator Viewing** – at Ford Lake Park, located at 9075 S Huron
    River Drive, Ypsilanti.  This location will be for parents and
    spectators.  **Because this is a City of Ypsilanti park, vehicles
    will be charged $3 to enter the park.**

    [Ford Lake Park
    Map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/9999+Textile+Rd,+Ypsilanti,+MI+48197/@42.203)

The boathouse site is not large enough to accommodate rowers, coaches,
spectators, boats, boat trailers and all of the associated
vehicles.  Also, there is no place to view the race at the
boathouse.  Ford Lake Park is 1/2 a mile from the boathouse and has
space for parking for all the vehicles and, more importantly, is located
at the finish line of the race.  It also has lots of space to view the
rowing competition. Please respect that the boathouse location is for
rowers and coaches only.  

Rower drop‐off will begin at 6:30 am, coxswain meeting at 7:15 am, and
races are set to begin at 8:00 am.  All races will be finals only and
medals will be given out to first place finishes.  Because the
spectators and rowers are not at the same location, food trailers may be
parked at the boathouse next to the team boats but food will be for
**rowers only**.    

The only concessions at Ford Lake Park for spectators will be Bear Claw
serving coffee and muffins from 7:30 am – 10 am.  After that there will
not be any concessions at Ford Lake Park.  Spectators are welcome and
encouraged to pack a food and beverages for themselves during the event.

Entry Fees for this event is \$250 per team.

My contact information is <christopherdfrick@gmail.com>.  Our coach,
Matt LeBlanc, can be reached at <leblancrowing@gmail.com>.

We look forward to seeing you May 14.

T-Shirts
--------

![center-nb](http://i.imgur.com/GmmE3QA.png "Sample T-Shirt")

A limited quantity of souvenir T-Shirts will be for sale at the
boathouse and Ford Lake Park. Go Hornets!

Race Schedule
-------------

TBA

Volunteers
----------

We need you! Many hands make for light work.

[SignUpGenius](http://www.signupgenius.com/go/20f0a4dafab2ba2f49-20161)
