---
layout: post
title:  "Weekly Update #9"
---

After a week without a regatta, we are now in the heart of the spring
season. Four straight weeks of regattas starting with the Hebda Cup at
the Wyandotte Boat Club this Saturday. Below is information on practices
and this weeks regatta.

**Practices:**  
Practice Monday - Friday this week. Monday - Wednesday is practice as
usual. Thursday, the rowers will load the boats on the trailer after
practice so it may run a little longer than usual. Friday practice is at
the Wyandotte Boat Club. The rowers will meet in the bus loop as usual
after school and caravan to the Wyandotte Boat Club to rig the boats and
have a quick practice on the race course. They will plan to be back to
the bus loop around 6:30 pm. Parents, if you plan on driving your rower
to the Friday practice, make sure they let the driver who takes them to
practice know so they are not waiting around and the caravan can leave
the school on time. The address for Wyandotte Boat Club is 1 Pine
Street, Wyandotte, MI 48192. Below are links to the practice and race
site:

-   [Directions](http://wyandotteboatclub.com/home/about-wbc/directions-to-wbc/)
-   [Map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wyandotte+Boat+Club/@42.197075,-83.150245,700m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x8ab69baf1af7844f)

**Weigh-in:**  
All lightweight rowers will have to weigh in at the Friday practice.

**School identification:**  
All rowers must have his or her school I.D. with them for the race (not
a drivers license).

**Regatta:**  
This week's regatta is the Hebda Cup at the Wyandotte Boat Club. The
address is 1 Pine Street, Wyandotte, MI 48192. There are links above
under practices for more information and directions to the site.
Attached is a tentative schedule of events for the regatta. Based on the
schedule, racing will begin at 8:00 am. We will confirm the start time
and report time for Saturday morning and send it out later in the week.
Here is a link to additional race information on the Wyandotte Boat Club
web site: http://wyandotteboatclub.com/home/regattas/hebda-cup/

**Waivers:**  
Remember to turn in the rower waivers sent out by Coach Matt no later
than Friday.

**Parent Party Thank You:**  
Thank you to everyone who made it last Saturday night to the Parent
Party (or as Mike Campbell named it the "Catalina Wine Mixer"). It was a
great time and we had almost half of the team parents there. Kelly and I
hope everyone had a chance to meet some new parents and make new
friends.

That's it for now. Look for more race specifics later this week and GO
HORNETS!

Chris Frick
