---
layout: post  
title: "Weekly Update #22"  
...
I hope everyone is enjoying a little time away from rowing and taking in
the amazing colors and great fall weather outside. Here are some notes
for this week:

**Board Elections**  
The national and local elections may have ended Tuesday, but you still
have one more vote that counts. The Saline Rowing Club Board election is
still open for the one year term that runs January through December of
the following year. **Each household is allowed one vote per rower**.
Voting will be closed at midnight Monday, Nov. 14. The new board will be
announced at the team fall banquet on Thursday, Nov. 17.
<https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/MLNR2X3>

**Fall Banquet**  
Remember to save-the-date for Thursday, November 17 from 7-8:30 in the
High School Commons for the rowing team fall banquet. All rowers and
their families are invited to a recap and celebration of the fall
season. If you have a male rower, we ask that you bring a small
appetizer to pass. If you have a female rower, we ask that you bring a
small dessert to pass. The team will provide refreshments. Rowers,
remember to dress in your "Sunday best".

**November Workout Plan**  
Earlier this week, Coach Fraser sent out a workout plan for November.
Rowers, even though the fall season is over it is highly encouraged that
you continue our workouts. The effort put in right now wins
championships in the spring. Attached are the workout summaries.

**Christmas Parade**  
The 41st annual Saline Christmas Parade is Saturday, December 3 at
5:30pm and the Rowing team will once again have an entry. This is a
great opportunity to showcase our team in front of the community and we
are looking for every rower to be involved. The rowers will be
decorating the boat trailer that Saturday morning and will walk with the
trailer and boats in the parade. Mark your calendars. More information
to come.

**Spring Break**  
I have had lots of RSVPs from rowers and their families but I have not
yet heard from everyone. If you want to have a great family vacation in
Florida and help our team get a jump start on training for the spring
season, please send me your RSVP today. We will have an informational
meeting in December for all who are signed up.

**Shutterfly**  
Most of the fall season photos are up on Shutterfly. Thank you to Nicole
Bergren and Heidi Phannes for capturing so many great moments. Please
check out the team page. If you have any questions, send me a note.

**Hornet Nation Video**  
Earlier this fall, the High School Hornet Nation came out to profile the
Rowing Club and Coach Matt. They did a great job showcasing our team.
Check out the video below and share it with all your friends, family and
anyone interested in joining our team.
http://salinehornets.com/2016/10/17/hn-saline-crew-team-coachs-interview/

**Thank you**  
Thank you to all of the volunteers who helped out this fall before,
during and after races. Things ran as smooth as ever and I think we all
had a little fun and a few laughs along the way. It may not have been
said, but your efforts were notice and appreciated by the rowers and
board.

That's all for now. Please send me any questions, remember to vote and
ROW HORNETS!!!

Chris Frick
