---
layout: post  
title:  "Weekly Update #10"
---

HEBDA CUP! HEBDA CUP! Congratulations to all the rowers! What an amazing
performance by our team last weekend. In the 19 events, our rowers took
home six 1st place, four 2nd place and three 3rd place finishes along
with the boys trophy, girls trophy and the overall trophy in dominating
style. Thank you to everyone who helped on Saturday and thank you to the
coaches for all your hard work.

We are back at Wyandotte again this weekend for the Wy-Hi regatta.
Practices and report times are similar to last week. See below for that
and other info for the week.

**Practices:**  
Practice Monday - Friday this week. Monday - Wednesday is practice as
usual. Thursday, the rowers will load the boats on the trailer after
practice so it may run a little longer than usual. Friday practice is at
the Wyandotte Boat Club. The rowers will meet in the bus loop as usual
after school and caravan to the Wyandotte Boat Club to rig the boats and
have a quick practice on the race course. They will plan to be back to
the bus loop around 6:30 pm. Parents, if you plan on driving your rower
to the Friday practice, make sure they let the driver who takes them to
practice know so they are not waiting around and the caravan can leave
the school on time. The address for Wyandotte Boat Club is 1 Pine
Street, Wyandotte, MI 48192. Below are links to the practice and race
site:
[Directions](http://wyandotteboatclub.com/home/about-wbc/directions-to-wbc/)
[Race
Site](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wyandotte+Boat+Club/@42.197075,-83.150245,700m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x8ab69baf1af7844f)

**Weigh-in:**  
All lightweight rowers will have to weigh in at the Friday practice.

**Regatta:**  
This week's regatta is the Wyandotte High Schools Regatta (Wy-Hi) at the
Wyandotte Boat Club. The address is 1 Pine Street, Wyandotte, MI 48192.
There are links above under practices for more information and
directions to the site. Attached is a tentative schedule of events for
the regatta. Based on the schedule, racing will begin at 8:00 am. Rowers
are to report at the boats at 7:00 am Saturday morning. Here is a link
to additional race information on the [Wyandotte Boat Club web
site](http://wyandotteboatclub.com/home/regattas/wy-hi-regatta/)

**Wy-Hi Parking**  
There will be over 20 teams at the regatta this weekend (almost double
the number at the Hebda Cup). What that means for parking is that it
will be harder to find. Rowers can be dropped off at the barricade but
most likely the street right in front of the boat club will be filled
with team boat trailers. There is additional parking in the city but one
place that is not too far is at the Wyandotte City Hall (3200 Biddle
Ave, Wyandotte, MI 48192). It is about a 5 minute walk to the site
venue.

**Regatta Food**  
Don't forget to sign up at the payschools link below before the end of
the day on Tuesday (May 4) if you plan on purchasing meals for family
members at the regatta this weekend.
[Payschools](https://parent.payschools.com/cat.asp?id=C740BA23A6504DACBD07791491B63467&)

**Wy-Hi Volunteer Sign Up**  
We had a great showing for volunteers once again last weekend. Thank you
to everyone who helped! Please sign up at the link below to help out
again this weekend.
[SignUpGenius](http://www.signupgenius.com/go/20f0a4dafab2ba2f49-2016)

**Salt Springs Sprints (Team Home Regatta)**  
We are less than 2 weeks away from hosting the 2nd annual Salt Springs
Sprints at our team boathouse on Ford Lake. The team will need
everyone's help to make this event a success for all the rowers. Look
for communications later this week with event and volunteer information.

Have a great week everyone and GO HORNETS!!!

Chris Frick
