---
layout: post  
title:  "Weekly Update #8"
---

Week one of the spring season is in the books. Saturday brought not only
great weather but great results from the team. In total, the team took
home 3 third place finishes, 2 second place finishes and 2 first place
finishes (women's lightweight 4 and men's lightweight 8)! Great job
Hornets! And, thank you to all of the parents who volunteered to help
and make setup, cooking and cleanup run smoothly.

Here are some additional news items for this week:

**Practice**  
The team will continue practicing Monday - Friday out of the team
boathouse. Friday's practice may run a little long so the team can load
boats on the trailer for a practice/scrimmage Saturday at Ann Arbor
Huron (see below).

**Saturday Scrimmage**  
This Saturday, rather than a light practice on Ford Lake, the team has
been asked to participate in a 2-team practice/scrimmage with Ann Arbor
Huron. This will take place at the Ann Arbor Huron Boathouse (1325 Lake
Shore Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48106). We do not have a start time yet, but
it is anticipated that it will be from 9:00 - 11:00 am. This purpose of
this is to have a more formal practice and test ourselves against
competition we will face later this spring. There will be no food or
trailer setup. Parents are welcome to drop their kids off at the the Ann
Arbor Huron practice site or at the team carpool in the Saline H.S. bus
loop where they can carpool with team drivers. Further clarification on
start times and carpool times will come out later this week. Here is a
link to the Ann Arbor Huron boathouse from their website.
<http://www.huronrowing.org/resources/the-boathouse/>

**Great Gatsby**  
Planning Just a reminder for those on the Great Gatsby planning
committee, we have another meeting this Tuesday, April 19, at 7:00. This
meeting will be at the Brill's house.

**Parents Bonding**  
The "Adult Team Bonding" is this weekend! Kelly and I, will be hosting
the team parents at our house on Saturday, April 23 for the early season
festivities. This is a great chance for parents to meet each other and
socialize outside of the flurry of activity surrounding a regatta.
Please join us from 7:00 - 9:00 pm (address below). Just bring yourself
and lively spirits. We will provide the the rest including beer, wine,
pop and snacks. Please RSVP to me at <christopherdfrick@gmail.com>.

**Salt Springs Sprints Regatta**  
The next planning meeting for our May 14 home regatta is next Monday,
April 25 7:00 pm. This meeting will be at the Christen's house, 208
Tower Drive, Saline.

**Spring Break Training Trip**  
While plans are being finalized for next year's spring break training
trip to Florida, we do not want the memories of this year's trip to
fade. Please send any pictures and video you would like to share to Mike
Ward (<mike@wardfam.org>). Mike will be putting together a brief slideshow
to post on the team site so everyone can see what a great time and
experience it was for the rowers and their families.

Thanks again for everyone's help last Saturday. See all the parents at
our house this Saturday. GO HORNETS!!!

Chris Frick
