---
layout: post  
title:  "Weekly Update #13"
---

Well, the long hours in the erg room starting in November and the
intense Spring Break training paid off last weekend.  Our team brought
home a record number of medals at the State Championships finishing in
the medals in 7 races (2 seconds and 5 thirds) for a total of 44 medals
for our rowers.  Medals were earned at all levels for the mens and
womens boats; small boats, big boats, lightweights, juniors and
varsity.  Great job everyone!  And THANK YOU to the coaches for all of
your hard work!

In case you did not see it, here is a link to the story in the Saline
Post about the team (please share it with friends and family): [Saline
Post
Blog](http://www.thesalinepost.com/photo-gallery/section/sports/blog/hornet-crew/saline-takes-7-medals-state-rowing-finals/1464038188)

Here are updates for this week:

**Practice**

The team will be practicing Monday - Friday at Ford Lake.  The Varsity 8
boats will be training for National Championship regatta.  The rest of
the team will be working hard this week and next training for the events
they will be rowing in Canada next week.

**Canadian Nationals**

As I have mentioned before, the team will be traveling to the Canadian
Nationals June 2 - June 5.  This is a great event held at a venue like
we have never seen before.  Look for a separate email later this week
and please send me any questions.

**Travel to Canada**

So far I have 1 male rower who needs a room and a ride.  And potentially
2 female rowers who need a room and a ride.  If your rower is looking
for a room/ride and you have not yet let me know, please do asap.  If
you have room to take a rower, please let me know asap so I can help
facilitate arrangements.  Our goal is to give every rower the
opportunity to compete in Canada against the best teams in North
America.

**Year-End Banquet**

**Save The Date!** The date for the year-end banquet has been set
for Thursday, June 9.  The banquet is a chance to celebrate the year,
hand out awards and varsity letters and thank our departing seniors.  It
will be from 6:00 - 8:00 pm at Teffts Park behind the Rec Center in
Saline.  The team will provide hamburgers and hot dogs.  Look for a
separate email with specifics on what sides each class is asked to bring
to the banquet.

**US Nationals Live Stream**

Even though we cannot be there in person to cheer on our boats competing
in the US Nationals this week in Ohio, we can still watch a live stream
of their races at the link below.  Once we know the race times, I will
send them out.

<https://www.sraa.net/2015/05/live-web-streaming/>

Thank you for all of your support for the team and good luck at
Nationals!  GO HORNETS!!!

Chris Frick
