---
layout: post  
title:  "Weekly Update #17"  
...

Parents and Rowers,

Greetings all! Saturday was a long day, filled with the routine weather
delay, but it was great to be back on the water and competing. Most
rowers competed in at least 2 to 3 races, which added up to 30,000K of
rowing. Thank you to everyone who volunteered to help keep things
running smoothly! I know there was some confusion with the with the
tshirt company at the regatta that had an incomplete/incorrect team
roster for the decals. Rest assured, we will make every effort to have
the correct rosters available for future regattas.

Here are your updates for this week:

**Practice**  
Practices are Monday - Thursday this week. If conditions do not permit
going out on the water, practice will still be at the boathouse with
conditioning and erging.

**Scrimmage**  
There is no regatta scheduled for this week but the team will have a
scrimmage Saturday morning. It will be at the team boathouse on Ford
Lake against Skyline High School. Times and additional details will come
out later this week but this will be a fairly quick day for the rowers.
Because this is a scrimmage, there will be no food tent or volunteer
sign up. We will provide a light snack and beverages for our rowers at
the boathouse.

**Fundraising Meal at Oscar's**  
Mark your calendars and spread the word! Maria and Oscar have generously
agreed to host another fundraiser at Oscar's Sports & Grill on Sunday,
October 2. Oscar's will donate 20% of the bill for anyone who brings a
copy of the flyer (attached) and presents it at checkout. Print extra
copies and hand them out.

**Alumni Row**  
This Sunday, October 2, Stacy Wellings and former rower Alexis Wolff are
organizing the first Alumni Row at the team boathouse. The event is from
10am - 2pm. In addition growing our relationship with our alumni and
showing off the boathouse to those who never had a chance to use the
facility, the day will include a chance for the alumni to get back on
the water and compete in short races against each other and the current
team. All rowers who are available this Sunday morning, please come out
to the boathouse and meet those alumni who formed and built our club.

Have a great week and GO HORNETS!!!

Chris Frick
